docs: replace `Services` class to `service()` (#8928)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/concepts/services.rst

.. literalinclude:: services/003.php

> .. note:: Since `v4.5.0`, the global function ``service()`` is recommended due to performance improvements on without parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Since v4.5.0, when you don't pass parameters to the service, the global function ``service()`` is recommended due to performance improvements.
```
